true
you
Oh
yeah baby pitiful crane on the bed naked
dummy sheesh
hey haters over there
I'll back it up here we go today boo boo
and I'll go ahead you here they better
full of crap I got my pad on my pan crap
minus in Little Rock did it drop if it
rolls on the handle trying niggas got my
column alligator my player of the year
I'm just look me in the dictionary you
kick your face in fish VBS diamond
shining like a chandelier I got aquafina
diamonds and they lookin crystal clear I
see haters over there but we be bawling
over here flying energy see ya when I
rubble going to rubble do nothing right
what are you doing
I'm pc thanks Alec
rakesh stated they ain't ready we some
fucking waste to the top-4 my team holy
vows boy they on the side of me no
charge the rebel baby yeah we put it
down I start the right my Birds women
are speaking from the dome so another
word that means I'm freestyling cuz im
sue roll miso soup football I'm you're
grinding halt doing all these shows I
hit the club and follow with epromos
later to the food came from the face
sheesh
hey i see i'm paid is over I feel lucky
the chick bad but I
piggybacks a brash facing 4620 on my
back I see nann nigga snitch yeah
gustine on a bitch she was an alternate
well I swear to god it's nothing like
seeing a life and did I know your
friends told my death is not a
coincidence this is a runner for help
while I ripping on the bed it wasn't min
so now I'm stick